# V-242435 Kubernetes must prevent non-privileged users from executing privileged functions to include disabling, circumventing, or altering implemented security safeguards/countermeasures or the installation of patches and updates.
## Discussion
Kubernetes uses the API Server to control communication to the other services that makeup Kubernetes. The use of authorizations and not the default of ```AlwaysAllow``` enables the Kubernetes functions control to only the groups that need them. To control access the API server must have one of the following options set for the authorization mode: ```--authorization-mode=ABAC``` Attribute-Based Access Control (ABAC) mode allows a user to configure policies using local files. ```--authorization-mode=RBAC``` Role-based access control (RBAC) mode allows a user to create and store policies using the Kubernetes API. ```--authorization-mode=Webhook``` WebHook is an HTTP callback mode that allows a user to manage authorization using a remote REST endpoint. ```--authorization-mode=Node``` Node authorization is a special-purpose authorization mode that specifically authorizes API requests made by kubelets. ```--authorization-mode=AlwaysDeny``` This flag blocks all requests. Use this flag only for testing. Satisfies: SRG-APP-000340-CTR-000770, SRG-APP-000033-CTR-000095, SRG-APP-000378-CTR-000880
## Check Text
Within ```/etc/kubernetes/manifests``` directory on the kubernetes master node, run the following command: ```grep -i authorization-mode```
If the setting ```authorization-mode is set to ```AlwaysAllow``` in the kubernetes API server manifest file or is not configured, this is a finding. 
## Fix Text
- [x] Edit the kubernetes API Server manifest in the ```/etc/kubernetes/manifests directory on the kubernetes master node
- [x] Set the argument ```--authorization-mode``` to any valid authorization mode (```RBAC, ABAC, Node, Webhook```) other than ```AlwaysAllow```
